Update for managed backups cloud 2.0 (#18919)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v24.2/take-and-restore-locality-aware-backups.md

## Supported products

> Locality-aware backups are available in **CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }}**, **CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.serverless }}**, and **CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.core }}** clusters when you are running [self-managed backups]({% link cockroachcloud/take-and-restore-self-managed-backups.md %}). For a full list of features on CockroachDB Cloud, refer to [Backup and Restore Overview]({% link cockroachcloud/backup-and-restore-overview.md %}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Locality-aware backups are available in **CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }}**, **CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.standard }}**, **CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.basic }}**, and **CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.core }}** clusters when you are running [self-managed backups]({% link cockroachcloud/take-and-restore-self-managed-backups.md %}). For a full list of features on CockroachDB Cloud, refer to [Backup and Restore Overview]({% link cockroachcloud/backup-and-restore-overview.md %}).
```
